1. Access modifier "Protected" allows access within the containing type but not through derived classes - False

2. A public class can be accessed in another asembly - true

3. How is an output parameter different from other parameter types of a method?
an output doesnt need to be initialized

4. A static method is accessed through the class name and not the instance of the class - true

5. Mention the two rules to follow while create a parameter array for a method.
Arrays can be passed as ByVal and ByRef.
Arrays' elements can always be modified from the function or subroutine.

6. Namespaces are containers of code - true

7. Default parameter values allows you to retain a zero parameter overload without recreating it.  Explain why.
because it already has a 0, if you set it to a different number you can then replace it

8. Explain classic diamond problem of classes briefly.
a problem that arise when you have multiple inheritances, if the same method is overriden in both then which is inherited?

9. Interfaces are completely abstract because they can have only private methods.  False

10. Multiple classes can be inherited in a chain of inheritance. - True

11. An explicit implementation of an interface method may be required even if only one interface is inherited by a class.  True

12. An abstract class can be instantiated. - False

13. An interface cannot inherit an abstract class. - True

14. Explain method hiding
you can hide the implementation of the methods of a base class from the derived class using the new keyword

15. The keyword 'Virtual' is used in the base class and 'override' in the child class to implement polymorphism. - True

16. Partial classes join together to form a single class - true

17. Partial classes can share interface method implementation. - true

18. A dictionary object is of type _______generic collection_______

19. Queue is LIFO - false

20. A list checks for uniqueness of data through a key - false